Refactor the natural numbers and integers up to present code standards (#1568)
UniMath/agda-unimath: src/elementary-number-theory/poset-of-natural-numbers-ordered-by-divisibility.lagda.md

## Idea

> The **[poset](order-theory.posets.md) of natural numbers ordered by
> divisibility** consists of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{#concept "poset of natural numbers ordered by
divisibility" Agda=ℕ-Div-Poset}} consists of the
```
